October 2025 newsletter (#488)
maplibre/maplibre.github.io: src/content/news/2025-11-04-maplibre-newsletter-october-2025/index.mdx

    />
    <Image
      src={radarLogo}
      alt="Radar logo"
      style={{
        width: "40%",
        maxWidth: "330px",
        height: "auto",
        objectFit: "contain",
      }}
    />
  </div>
  <div
    style={{
      marginTop: "1rem",
      fontSize: "1rem",
      textAlign: "center",
      color: "#263238",
      fontStyle: "italic",
    }}
  >
    Thank you Radar for your sustained support to MapLibre (2023–2025) 🙌
  </div>
</div>

Before diving into the updates, we’ve added a new .github repository, giving the MapLibre GitHub organization a fresh, welcoming README! Check it out here: https://github.com/maplibre

## 📱 MapLibre Native

- Releases

  <ul class="releases">
    <li>
      MapLibre Android:
      [12.0.0](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-native/releases/tag/android-v12.0.0),
      [12.0.1](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-native/releases/tag/android-v12.0.1)
    </li>
    <li>
      MapLibre iOS:
      [6.19.2](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-native/releases/tag/ios-v6.19.2),
      [6.19.3](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-native/releases/tag/ios-v6.19.3)
    </li>
  </ul>

- With the WebGPU support contributed by Birk Skyum in

>   [#3899](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-native/pull/3899), the WebGPU backend can now be used with either wgpu (new) or Dawn.

Reviewer: Not an native speaker, but this reads a bit akward. lets split into shorter sentences

```suggestion
- Birk Skyum contributed WebGPU support in [#3899](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-native/pull/3899).
  This means now either wgpu (new) or Dawn can be used as a backend.
```
